WELCOME TO "THE LATE SHOW,"
EVERYBODY.
I'M YOUR HOST STEPHEN COLBERT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
YOU KNOW, IT'S HARD TO IMAGINE
YOU COULD BE THIS SHOCKED EVERY
DAY BY THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
I MEAN, FRESHLY SHOCKED.
>> Jon: EVERY SICKLE DAY.
>> Stephen: I THINK IT'S
BECAUSE EVERY DAY THEY ATTACH
THE ELECTRODES TO A DIFFERENT
PART OF US.
( LAUGHTER )
AND LET'S JUST SAY THAT TODAY,
THEY HAD TO SHAVE US FIRST.
( LAUGHTER )
JUST TO GET CONTACT.
>> Jon: MMM...
>> Stephen: BECAUSE AMERICANS
OF EVERY POLITICAL STRIPES HAVE
BEEN
HORRIFIED BY TRUMP'S HELSINKI
HELL SUCKING, WHERE PUTIN WAS
PLAYING CHESS, AND TRUMP WAS
EATING HIS OWN CHECKERS.
( LAUGHTER )
CHOKING HAZARD.
SHOULDN'T GIVE THEM TO HIM.
AND EVERYONE AROUND TRUMP HAVE
SPENT THIS ENTIRE WEEK TRYING TO
PUT DISTANCE BETWEEN TRUMP AND
PUTIN.
SO THIS WHOLE SORDID THING CAN
BE BEHIND US AND THE
ADMINISTRATION CAN GO BACK TO
THE PEOPLE'S BUSINESS OF CAGING
TODDLERS.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT, TODAY, DONALD TRUMP TWEETED
THIS:
"THE SUMMIT WITH RUSSIA WAS A
GREAT SUCCESS, EXCEPT WITH THE
REAL ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE, THE
FAKE NEWS MEDIA.
I LOOK FORWARD TO OUR SECOND
MEETING--"
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
( CHEERING )
I DON'T KNOW WHERE THIS COFFEE
CUP CAME FROM.
SECOND MEETING!
SECOND MEETING, BECAUSE THE
FIRST ONE WENT SO WELL?
IT'S JUST LIKE THE EXCITING
SEQUEL COMING OUT THIS SUMMER:
"TITANIC II, HERE WE GO AGAIN.
( LAUGHTER )
"THIS TIME IT ENDS WELL."
( PIANO RIFF )
BUT, YOU KNOW, THAT'S KIND OF
VAGUE.
SECOND MEETING, COULD HAPPEN,5!l
WHERE WOULD HE EVEN MEET WITH A
UNIVERSALLY CONDEMNED, WAR
CRIMINAL STRONG MAN, WHO
PERSONALLY ORDERED THE ATTACK ON
OUR ELECTION?
>> SARAH SANDERS TWEETED JUST A
FEW MOMENTS AGO-- SAYING THE
PRESIDENT ASKED HIS NATIONAL
SECURITY ADVISER JOHN BOLTON TO
INVITE VLADIMIR PUTIN TO
WASHINGTON THIS FALL.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Jon: WOW...
>> STEPHEN: WHERE DOES THIS MUG
KEEP COMING FROM?
I'M SORRY.
ARE YOU OKAY?
( PIANO RIFF )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
HE'S INVITING HIM TO WASHINGTON!
NOTHING COULD HAVE GONE WORSE
THAN YOUR MEETING IN HELSINKI.
IT EMBARRASSED OUR COUNTRY.
IT ENRAGED OUR ALLIES.
IT STRONGLY REINFORCED THE IDEA
THAT PUTIN'S GOT SOMETHING ON
YOU.
AND IT'S THE FIRST TIME YOUR
PARTY TURNED ON YOU EVEN A
LITTLE.
SO, LET'S COLLUDE IT AGAIN LIKE
WE DID LAST SUMMER.
(AS TRUMP)
"THANKS, GUYS, FOR CLEANING ALL
THE POOP OFF ME.
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME, I'M
GOING TO MAKE A SNOWMAN OUT OF
TURDS."
( PIANO RIFF )
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
THIS MEETING IS GONNA BE A TOUGH
ONE FOR DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL
INTELLIGENCE AND STATLER BEING
INFORMED OF WALDORF'S DEMISE
DAN COATS.
AS YOU MAY REMEMBER, TRUMP THREW
COATS AND HIS INTELLIGENCE
AGENCIES UNDER THE BUS TO SIDE
WITH PUTIN IN HELSINKI, SO IT'S
HARD TO IMAGINE THE LOOK ON HIS
FACE WHEN HE HEARD ABOUT THIS.
LUCKILY, YOU DON'T HAVE TO
IMAGINE IT, BECAUSE HE WAS
GIVING A LIVE INTERVIEW WHEN IT
BROKE.
>> WE HAVE SOME BREAKING NEWS.
THE WHITE HOUSE HAS ANNOUNCED ON
TWITTER THAT VLADIMIR PUTIN WILL
BE COMING TO THE WHITE HOUSE IN
THE FALL.
>> SAY THAT AGAIN?
( LAUGHTER )
>> STEPHEN: DAN, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO BORROW MY MUG?
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
I GET HIS REACTION.
( CHEERING )
I UNDERSTAND -- WELL -- WELL --
BLUB-BLUB -- I UNDERSTAND HIS
REACTION,
BECAUSE IT IS HARD TO BELIEVE.
CAN WE CHECK WITH SOMEONE?
BECAUSE I DON'T WANT HIM WALKING
THIS BACK TOMORROW.
(AS TRUMP)
"I'VE REVIEWED THE TRANSCRIPT
AND I NEED TO MAKE A
CLARIFICATION.
I SAID I'M INVITING VLADIMIR
PUTIN TO WASHINGTON.
I MEANT TO SAY, I'M INVITING
VLADIMIR PUTIN'T TO
WASHINGDON'T."
( LAUGHTER )
MR. PRESIDENT, THEY JUST GOT YOU
-- NOW, MR. PRESIDENT, YOU JUST
FOUND THE STRENGTH TO ADMIT THAT
PUTIN IS
PERSONALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR
ATTACKING OUR ELECTION.
SO LET'S INVITE HIM TO THE WHITE
HOUSE.
(AS TRUMP)
"I WANT PUTIN FOR SUSHI DINNER,
COSBY FOR THE SLUMBER PARTY,
HARVEY WEINSTEIN FOR MOVIE
NIGHT, AND SECURITY WILL BE
HANDLED BY MS-13.
MAKE IT HAPPEN."
( LAUGHTER )
HERE'S HOW DISASTROUS THAT FIRST
SUMMIT WAS-- WE DON'T EVEN KNOW
THE BAD PARTS YET.
BECAUSE REMEMBER THE TWO HOURS
WHERE THEY WERE ALONE WITH JUST
THEIR TRANSLATORS?
WE MAY NEVER KNOW WHAT THEY
SAID.
BUT THEY SAID SOMETHING, BECAUSE
TUESDAY, RUSSIA'S EMBASSY
TWEETED, "THE RUSSIAN DEFENSE
MINISTRY ARE READY FOR THE
PRACTICAL IMPLEMENTATION OF
AGREEMENTS REACHED IN HELSINKI
BETWEEN VLADIMIR PUTIN AND
DONALD TRUMP."
WHAT AGREEMENTS?
(AS TRUMP)
"OKAY, VLAD, YOU GIVE ME YOUR
CAPRI SUN, YOUR LUNCHABLES, AND
TWO OF YOUR OREOS, AND I'LL
GIVE YOU ALASKA AND ERIC."
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
IS IT A DEAL?
IS IT A -- IS IT A -- A -- A --
( PIANO RIFF )
NOW, THERE IS ONE POSSIBLE DEAL
WE DO KNOW ABOUT, BECAUSE IN THE
PRESS CONFERENCE HE MENTIONED AN
OFFER PUTIN MADE ABOUT THE
TWELVE RUSSIAN INTELLIGENCE
OFFICERS ROBERT MUELLER INDICTED
FOR ELECTION INTERFERENCE.
>> WHAT HE DID IS AN INCREDIBLE
OFFER.
HE OFFERED TO HAVE THE PEOPLE
WORKING ON THE CASE COME AND
WORK WITH THEIR INVESTIGATORS
WITH RESPECT TO THE 12
PEOPLE.
I THINK THAT'S AN INCREDIBLE
OFFER.
OKAY?
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"HE GAVE ME AN INCREDIBLE DEAL,
HE SAID HE NEVER DOES THIS AND
HIS MANAGER'S GOING TO BE REALLY
PISSED AT HIM, BUT HE THREW IN
POWER STEERING, AN AM/FM RADIO,
AND HE PROMISES TO MAKE EUROPE
GO AWAY."
( LAUGHTER )
HERE'S THE ACTUAL DEAL: PUTIN
SAYS RUSSIANS WOULD INTERROGATE
THE RUSSIANS, AND MUELLER COULD
WATCH.
BUT, IN EXCHANGE, RUSSIANS WOULD
THEN ALSO GET TO INTERROGATE
SOME AMERICANS THEY DON'T LIKE.
SPECIFICALLY, OBAMA'S AMBASSADOR
TO MOSCOW, MICHAEL MCFAUL, A
NEMESIS OF THE KREMLIN BECAUSE
OF HIS CRITICISMS OF RUSSIA'S
HUMAN RIGHTS RECORD.
THAT IDEA IS RIDICULOUS... SO,
THEY'RE THINKING ABOUT IT.
>> RUSSIAN AUTHORITIES YESTERDAY
NAMED SEVERAL AMERICANS WHOM
THEY WANT TO QUESTION, INCLUDING
FORMER AMBASSADOR TO RUSSIA
MICHAEL MCFAUL.
DOES THE PRESIDENT SUPPORT THAT
IDEA?
IS HE OPEN TO HAVING U.S.
OFFICIALS QUESTIONED BY RUSSIA?
>> THE PRESIDENT WILL MEET WITH
HIS TEAM AND WE WILL LET YOU
KNOW WHEN WE HAVE AN
ANNOUNCEMENT ON THAT.
>> Stephen: OF COURSE, THE
STATE DEPARTMENT, WHAT'S THE
WORD, WENT APE ( BLEEP ) -- IS
THAT THE WORD?
IS THAT THE WORD?
IT'S TWO WORDS.
>> Jon: PUT THEM TOGETHER.
ONE CURRENT U.S. DIPLOMAT SAID,
"THE PRESIDENT HAS FIRST AND
FOREMOST HIS INTERESTS AT THE
TOP OF HIS MIND, AS OPPOSED
TO THE GOVERNMENT'S.
THAT'S VERY CLEAR, BETWEEN
(BLEEP) ON OUR NATO ALLIES AND
KISSING PUTIN'S ASS.
EITHER HE'S COMPROMISED BY PUTIN
OR HE'S A PUSSY, IN WHICH CASE
HE SHOULD GRAB HIMSELF.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Jon: OW, OW, OW!
WHOO!
>> Stephen: AND THAT'S FROM A
DIPLOMAT --
( LAUGHTER )
-- SO
BY DEFINITION, IT'S THE MOST
DIPLOMATIC WAY TO PUT IT.
BUT IT'S NOT JUST DIPLOMATS WHO
ARE SHOCKED.
LET'S SEE THE FULL RANGE OF
REVIEWS OF THIS OFFER:
>> I THINK IT'S A BAD IDEA.
>> ABSOLUTELY ABSURD.
>> THAT WOULD BE LIKE A VICTIM
ALLOWING THE BURGLAR TO SET
UP THE HOME SECURITY SYSTEM.
>> TO EVEN ENTERTAIN THIS SHOWS
TO ME HOW NAIVE THEY ARE.
>> I THINK THAT'S AN INCREDIBLE
OFFER.
AN INTERESTING IDEA.
>> STEPHEN: EARLIER TODAY, THE
WHITE HOUSE FINALLY CAME
OUT STRONGLY AGAINST...
THEMSELVES.
SARAH HUCKABEE-SANDERS TOLD A
REPORTER THAT "IT IS A PROPOSAL
THAT WAS MADE IN SINCERITY BY
PRESIDENT PUTIN, BUT PRESIDENT
TRUMP DISAGREES WITH IT."
YEAH, TRUMP DISAGREES, BUT HE
WAS IMPRESSED THAT IT WAS A
PROPOSAL MADE IN SINCERITY.
DONALD TRUMP IS NOT USED TO
SINCERE PROPOSALS.
(AS TRUMP)
"WILL YOU MARRY ME?
YOU WILL?
DAMN IT.
OKAY.
I'LL GO TELL MY WIFE."
( LAUGHTER )
SO WE KNOW TRUMP IS IN PUTIN'S
POCKET.
THE QUESTION REMAINS: WHY?
THERE'S ONLY TWO POSSIBLE
ANSWERS.
EITHER PUTIN HAS SOMETHING ON
HIM, OR HE'S AN IDIOT.
AND THERE'S PLENTY OF PROOF ON
BOTH SIDES.
( LAUGHTER )
HE DOES EVERYTHING PUTIN ASKS
FOR, BUT ON THE OTHER HAND, HE
CAN'T SPELL, HE CONFUSED H.I.V.
WITH H.P.V., HE DOESN'T
UNDERSTAND WHY WE FOUGHT THE
CIVIL WAR, AND JUST LOOK AT THIS
PICTURE OF HIM PLAYING IN A BIG
TRUCK.
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
BUT WHETHER HE KNOWS IT OR NOT,
WHAT'S CLEAR IS THAT TRUMP
CANNOT STOP COZYING UP TO PUTIN.
THAT'S WHY, TODAY, I'M HOLDING
AN INTERVENTION.
MR. PRESIDENT, THANK YOU FOR
BEING HERE.
I'VE WRITTEN MY THOUGHTS DOWN
BECAUSE THIS IS SO EMOTIONAL.
( LAUGHTER )
SIR, YOU'RE HERE BECAUSE WE LOVE
OUR COUNTRY VERY MUCH, AND YOU
ARE -- IN IT.
( LAUGHTER )
AND WE NEED YOU TO HEAR SOME
THINGS.
WHEN YOU ATTACK NATO, I FEEL
LIKE I'M BEING ATTACKED.
AND YOUR FRIEND VLADIMIR?
HE'S NOT REALLY YOUR FRIEND.
OKAY?
YOU'RE DOING WHAT HE WANTS
BECAUSE YOU THINK IT'S FUN, BUT
WHAT YOU DON'T REALIZE IS, IF
YOU EVER STEP OUT OF LINE, HE'S
GOING TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT
YOU'RE A BIG DIRTY CLOWN WHO
LOVES THE PEEPEE.
( LAUGHTER )
SO, INSTEAD OF SUCKING UP TO
DICTATORS, WE WANT YOU TO FIND A
SAFER HOBBY.
LIKE VOLCANO PARKOUR, OR SHARK
DENTISTRY.çóxD
OR HEROIN.xD
( LAUGHTER )
AND WE'VE GOT A FACILITY WAITING
FOR YOU.
YOU CAN GO THERE ANY TIME AND
WE'LL PAY FOR IT.
PAUL MANAFORT'S ALREADY THERE.